.. _no schmoozers:

##################
No schmoozers here
##################

You can't tweet, schmooze, fuck, bitch or sue yourself into mastering CS
and being a hacker.

http://esr.ibiblio.org/?p=6688


The hacker ethic is about merit. It's not about superficial things. It's
about merit above all else. I feel I have had to make a superhuman effort
to understand the differences with :ref:`rst-docutils-sphinx-readthedocs`.

I can only name a handful of people, out of perhaps tens of thousands of
people who use docutils one way or another, than understand its internals.

What if I were to tell you that a simple checkout of the source, or
browsing the website and looking more closely, were to yield documentation
on par with great python projects of our day?

If I could, and this isn't true or politically correct, pick caricreature
archetypes of open source communities - you would have LKML, where the
decorum for technical discussion quickly weeds out charlatans who don't
take the time to read code, and then you could have any hip cool project 
on GitHub where issues are totally on their tracker.

Docutils is closer to LKML in this respect. And frankly, as a web
developer doing the mammoth task of training myself systems programming -
which are highly mailing list based and discussions are very deep in
technical thought, even in my youth I feel for engineers behind docutils.
They are the people who are wise.

It's 2015-03-09. I dreamed of meeting Linus Torvalds last night. He was
there with a son, his thinkpad. I talked to him and didn't have much to
say. I felt the pause internally, because on the totem poll I am now at
the bottom. Not mastering C, not having read the internals, not capable of
anything beyond pontificating useless what-if's. My technical debt
literally follows me into my dreams.

I am no fucking schmoozer. We are going to have a shortage of Systems
Programmers in our upcoming generation. The technical debt of programmers
becoming monkeys who only understand high-level frameworks is here.
